UNR-2507 - LoadObjects when bNetLoadOnClient is false and object is deleted. (#1571)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an crash caused by attempting to read schema from an unloaded class.
- Unresolved object references in replicated arrays of structs should now be properly handled and eventually resolved.
- Fix tombstone-related assert that could fire and bring down the editor.

> - Actors placed in the level with bNetLoadOnClient=false can now be reloaded once all references are deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Actors placed in the level with bNetLoadOnClient=false that go out of view will now be reloaded if they come back into view.
```
